I tell people my sister moved out west
their science teacher your husband he
renovate houses you're thinking about
moving but you're gonna waits until the
interest rates go down that's all my
story before it was an Avenger
I mean mistakes
[Applause]
and a lot of enemies
is callsigns taskmaster he controls the
Red Room they're manipulative fully
conscious with no choices I should have
come back for you how did the others are
there goodness
[Music]
we have to go back to where it all
started so they never do that to anyone
again
we're family we fight with you
you won't win of course haunted
so to look into the past
okay you got a plan or shall I just
stayed up in code my plan was to drive
us away where your plan sucks
[Music]
at some point we all have to choose
between what the world wants you to be
who you are
me my choice
I'll be done running
[Music]
here's what's gonna happen Natasha don't
slouch
I'm not slouching you're going to get
the back hunched listen to mother oh my
god all right enough all of you
it didn't say anything that's not fair
you